TODO: With such short descriptions, it's duplicated 'conf/help.txt' 
Consider explaining commands in detail, similar to 'doc/script_commands.txt'

commands: Displays a list of @ commands available to the player.
charcommands: Displays a list of # commands available to the player.
rates: Displays the server rates.
uptime: Show server uptime since last map server restart.
showdelay: Shows/Hides the "there is a delay after a skill" message.
exp: Displays current levels and % progress.
email: To change your (own) email. Note: this command doesn't check email itself, but check structure of the email (xxx@xxx).
monsterinfo: Show Monster info (rates, stats, drops, MVP stuff).
iteminfo: Show Item info (type, price, etc).
whodrops: Show who drops an item (mobs with highest drop rate).
refresh: Syncs the player's position on the client with the one stored on the server.
time: Give server time.
version: Displays SVN version of the server.
petrename: Enables you to rename your pet.
party: Organize a new party, with you as the party leader.
storage: Opens your Kafra storage wherever you are.
mail: Opens your mailbox.
auction: Opens auctions window.
where: Locate someone on a map, returns your coordinates if the person isn't on.
duel, invite, accept, reject, leave: Duel organizing commands.
main: Main chat.
noask: Autorejecting Deals/Invites.
jailtime: Displays remaining jail time.
hominfo, homstats: Homunculus commands for players
noks: Kill Steal Protection.
font: Set Font.
showexp: Displays/Hides Experience gained messages.
showzeny: Displays/Hides Zeny gained messages.
go: Warps you to predefined locations in major cities.
autoloot: Enables/disables autolooting from killed mobs.
alootid: Enables/disables autolooting an item.
autotrade: Allows you continue vending offline.
changegm: Change Guild Master of your Guild.
changeleader: Change the leader of your party.
partyoption: Change the party exp- and item share rules.
pettalk: Command what the player's pet will say.
homtalk: Command what the player's homunculus will say.
mobsearch: Locates and displays the position of a certain mob on the current map.
showmobs: Locates and displays the position of a certain mob on your mini-map.
whereis: Prints out in which maps a monster normally spawns at (does not count script-invoked mobs).
feelreset: Resets a Star Gladiator's marked maps
help: Displays help about commands.
goto: Warp yourself to a person.
gmotd: Displays the motd file to all players.
follow: Follow a player (including warping to them).
request: Sends a request to all connected GMs (via the gm whisper system).
kick: Disconnects a user from the server.
model: Changes your appearance.
mount: To get a peco to (un)ride.
who: Returns list of logged in characters with their position.
who2: Returns list of logged in characters with their job.
who3: Returns list of logged in characters with their party/guild.
whomap: Returns list of logged in characters with their position in a specifical map.
whomap2: Returns list of logged in characters with their job in a specifical map.
whomap3: Returns list of logged in characters with their party/guild in a specifical map.
whogm: Displays GMs online. For those who are higher GM level than yourself, only the name is shown, for the rest, it displays the same info of @who+@who2+who3.
disguise: Change your appearence to other players to a mob.
undisguise: Restore your normal appearance.
me: Displays the text as a normal message with the format "*name message*" instead of "name : message" (Like the /me command in IRC).
fakename: Changes your name to your choice temporarily.
size: Changes your size.
npctalk: Can command what other npcs (by name) can say.
broadcast: Broadcast to the whole server.
localbroadcast: Broadcast to the map you are on.
kami: Broadcast (with or without name).
kamib: Same as kami but with blue color.
kamic: Same as kami but you can choose the color (uses different packet).
gvgon: Enables GvG on a map.
gvgoff: Turns GvG (Guild vs. Guild) off on a map
allowks: Activate/Deactivate kill steal protection on a map.
heal: Modifies your HP/SP.
hide: GM Hide (total invisibility to characters and monsters)
job: Changes your job to one you specify.
jump: Enables you to to jump randomly on a map (that you are already on).
load: Warps you to your last save point
tonpc: Warps you to a specific npc.
memo: Saves a warp point.
option: Set your character display options. (Visual effects of your character)
petfriendly: Sets the level of intemecy of your pet.
pethungry: Sets hunger level of your pet.
pvpoff: Turns PvP (Person vs. Person) off on a map.
pvpon: Enables PvP on a map.
questskill: Permanently adds a quest skill.
lostskill: Permanently removes a quest skill
speed: Sets the speed you can walk/attack at. Default is 150.
spiritball: Summons spirit spheres around you.
warp: Warp yourself to a certain map, at (x,y) coordinates (2 same commands) + also /mm or /mapmove.
dye: Changes clothes color.
hairstyle: Changes hair style.
haircolor: Changes hair color.
itemreset: Deletes all your items.
reset: Does a skill/stat reset.
users: Displays distribution of players on the server per map (% on each map which has players.)
cleanmap: Deletes floor items in sight range.
killmonster2: Kill all monsters in map (without drops).
save: Sets spawn point (aka save point).
effect: Do some visual effect on a character.
misceffect: Do some visual effect on a character (misceffect)
identify: Magnifier.
dropall: Drop all items.
storeall: Store all items.
killable: Allow other players to hit you out of PvP.
skillid: Look up a skill by name.
useskill: Use a skill by id.
skilltree: What skills are required to get this skill.
marry, divorce: Marriage commands.
adopt: Adopt a novice into a family.
sound: Play a Sound!
storagelist: Displays a player's storage.
cartlist: Displays a player's cart contents.
itemlist: Displays a player's inventory.
stats: Displays player's stats.
guild: Creates a new guild, with you as the guildmaster.
gstorage: Brings up your guild storage wherever you are.
monster: Spawns a monster, and a certain amount.
monstersmall: Spawns a smaller sized version of a monster.
monsterbig: Spawns a larger sized version of a monster.
summon: Spawns mobs that treat you as their master (they disappear after some time).
clone: It will spawn a supportive clone of the given player.
slaveclone: It will spawn a supportive clone of the given player that follows the creator around.
evilclone: It will spawn an aggresive clone of the given player.
cash: Add or Remove Cash Points
points: Add or Remove Kafra Points
agitstart: Starts Guild Wars
agitend: Ends Guild Wars
alive: Resurects yourself.
blvl: Raises your base level by specified amount
jlvl: Raises your job level by specified amount
changesex: Changes the sex of yourself
glvl: Raises your guild level by specified amount
idsearch: Find an itemID based on item name
item: Creates an item of your choosing, either Item ID or Name
item2: Creates a complete item (card, etc...) of your choosing, either Item ID or Name.
delitem: Deletes an item of your choosing, either Item ID or Name.
kill: Kills player.
killmonster: Kill all monsters in map (with drops)
makeegg: Creates yourself a pet egg.
hatch: Hatches an egg.
nuke: Instantly kills player whose name is entered and deals insane damage to everything around.
killer: Enable hitting a player even when not in PvP
produce: Creates weapon of desired element.
recall: Warps a character to you.
refine: Refines all weapons in your items list.
repairall: Will repair all broken items in inventory.
str, agi, vit, int, dex, luk: Change Status of your character.
allskill: Gives all skills
allstats: Sets stats to maximum
stpoint: Gives you stat points.
skpoint: Gives you skill points of desired amount.
guildrecall: Warps all online character of a guild to you. (at least one member of that guild must be on.)
partyrecall: Warps all online character of a party to you. (at least one party member must be online.)
guildspy: Allows you to spy on any Guilds Guild chat. (at least one member of that guild must be on.) NOTE: map server needs to be configured to enable spying to use this command (enable_spy: yes)
partyspy: Allows you to spy on any party's party chat. (at least one party member must be online.) NOTE: map server needs to be configured to enable spying to use this command (enable_spy: yes)
zeny: Gives you zeny (or subtracts, if amount is negative).
block: Block a player indefinitely.
unblock: Unblock a player.
ban: Ban a player for a limited time.
unban: Unban a player.
jail: To send specified character in jails.
unjail: To discharge a jailed character.
jailfor: Timed jailing.
addwarp: Create a static warp portal that lasts until the next reboot.
trade: Open a trade window with any player.
changelook: Changes the player's appearance (headgear).
hlvl, homevolve, makehomun, homfriendly, homhungry: Homunculus commands for GMs.
homshuffle: Re-calculates stats, as if the homun was sent back to level 1 and re-leveled.
agitstart2, agitend2: WoE 2 start/stop commands.
streset: Resets player stats
skreset: Resets player skills
day: Set the server to day.
night: Set the server to night.
doom: Kills everyone on the server.
doommap: Kills everyone on the map you are on.
recallall: Recalls Everyone To Your Coordinates
raisemap: Revives all players on the map.
raise: Revives all players on the server.
hidenpc: Hides a NPC.
shownpc: Unhides a NPC.
loadnpc: Loads an NPC script by path.
unloadnpc: Unloads a NPC.
npcmove: Move a NPC.
skillon: Turn skills on for a map
skilloff: Turn skills off for a map
mute: Mute a player (prevents talking, usage of skills and commands)
unmute: Unmute a player
kickall: Disconnect all users from the server.
mapexit: Closes Map-Server.
send: Used for testing packet sends from the client (debug function).
gat: Give information about terrain/area (debug function).
displaystatus: Displays a status change without really applying it (debug function).
displayskill: Displays the animation of a skill without really using it (debug function).
mapinfo: Shows information about the map.
mapflag: Set Map Flags
reloaditemdb: Reload item database (admin command)
reloadmobdb: Reload monsters database (admin command)
reloadskilldb: Reload skills database (admin command)
reloadquestdb: Reload quest dtabase (admin command)
reloadscript: Reload scripts (admin command)
setbattleflag: Change a battle_config flag without rebooting server
reloadatcommand: Reload atcommand config (admin command)
reloadbattleconf: Reload battle config (admin command) Note that some player config settings won't take effect until relog (display exp, display zeny, display skill delay fail, ...)
reloadstatusdb: Reload status database (admin command)
reloadpcdb: Reload player info database (admin command)
reloadmotd: Reload the Message of the Day (admin command)
adjgroup: Changes the group of another character (lasts until relog)
disguiseall, undisguiseall: [Un]Disguise All Players (admin command)
mutearea: Mutes every player on screen (admin command)
battleignore: Makes you immune to attacks (monsters/players/skills cannot target/hit you, admin command)
snow, clouds, clouds2, fog, fireworks, sakura, leaves: Weather effects
clearweather: Stop all weather effects
disguiseguild, undisguiseguild: (Un)disguises all online characters of a guild. (At least one member of that guild must be on.)
sizeall: Changes the size of all players
sizeguild: Changes the size of all online characters of a guild. (At least one member of that guild must be on.)
